[DataTable] Fix dom validation error, focus states and icon shimmering. (#6722)
Shopify/polaris: .changeset/odd-games-cough.md

---
'@shopify/polaris': patch
'polaris.shopify.com': patch
---

---

## '@shopify/polaris': patch

> - Updates `DataTable` to fix console warning about improperly nested HTML
> - Updates `DataTable` to ensure focus states remain on the same header element when switching between sticky and regular header.
> - Improves `DataTable` tooltip when using `truncate` prop.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Updated `DataTable` to fix console warning about improperly nested HTML
- Updated `DataTable` to ensure focus states remain on the same header element when switching between sticky and regular header.
- Improved `DataTable` tooltip when using `truncate` prop.
```
